Add OTEL_TRACE_SAMPLER_ARG env variable definition. (#1202)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/sdk-environment-variables.md

| OTEL_LOG_LEVEL           | Log level used by the SDK logger                  | "info"                            |                                     |
| OTEL_PROPAGATORS         | Propagators to be used as a comma separated list  | "tracecontext,baggage"            | Values MUST be deduplicated in order to register a `Propagator` only once. Unrecognized values MUST generate a warning and be gracefully ignored. |
| OTEL_TRACE_SAMPLER       | Sampler to be used for traces                     | "parentbased_always_on"                       | See [Sampling](./trace/sdk.md#sampling) |

> | OTEL_TRACE_SAMPLER_ARG   | String value to be used as the sampler argument   |                                   | The specified value will only be used if OTEL_TRACE_SAMPLER is set. Each Sampler type defines its own expected input, if any. Invalid or unrecognized input MUST be logged and MUST NOT result in an error.  |

Reviewer: > and MUST NOT result in an error. 

Can you please clarify this? What does it mean to not result in an error?

Reviewer 2: I think the idea is to not crash the app, what is the fallback? go back to the default api recommended.

Author: Exactly, the idea is that this won't crash the app (no Exception thrown at all, that is), but report the invalid value in the usual logging facility we have used in other places. 

@tigrannajaryan any suggestion on how to re-phrase this to make it clear?

Reviewer: How about this:
```suggestion
| OTEL_TRACE_SAMPLER_ARG   | String value to be used as the sampler argument   |                                   | The specified value will only be used if OTEL_TRACE_SAMPLER is set. Each Sampler type defines its own expected input, if any. Invalid or unrecognized input MUST be logged and MUST be otherwise ignored, i.e. the SDK MUST behave as if OTEL_TRACE_SAMPLER_ARG is not set.  |
```

> | OTEL_TRACE_SAMPLER_ARG   | String value to be used as the sampler argument   |                                   | The specified value will only be used if OTEL_TRACE_SAMPLER is set. Each Sampler type defines its own expected input, if any. Invalid or unrecognized input MUST be logged and MUST NOT result in an error.  |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| OTEL_TRACE_SAMPLER_ARG   | String value to be used as the sampler argument   |                                   | The specified value will only be used if OTEL_TRACE_SAMPLER is set. Each Sampler type defines its own expected input, if any. Invalid or unrecognized input MUST be logged and treated as unset, i.e. MUST NOT result in an error.  |
```

However, I think handling of invalid input should be described once in this doc since it should apply to all variables.

Author: @yurishkuro Applied @tigrannajaryan's (as I saw his change first), but I think it clarifies things in the same way. Let me know otherwise.

(and will create an issue to  follow up, mentioning invalid values should be ignored and be treated as unset).

- `"parentbased_always_off"`: `ParentBased(root=AlwaysOffSampler)`
- `"parentbased_traceidratio"`: `ParentBased(root=TraceIdRatioBased)`

> Known values for `OTEL_TRACE_SAMPLER_ARG` are:
> 
> - `traceidratio` and `parentbased_traceidratio`: Sampling probability, a number in the [0..1] range, e.g. "0.25".

Reviewer 4: This is worded strangely: traceidratio is a known value for OTEL_TRACE_SAMPLER_ARG? Then what happens if I set OTEL_TRACE_SAMPLER_ARG=traceidratio? Please describe more clearly what is meant here, e.g. 

```suggestion
Depending on the value of `OTEL_TRACE_SAMPLER`, `OTEL_TRACE_SAMPLER_ARG` may be set as follows:

- For `traceidratio` and `parentbased_traceidratio` samplers: Sampling probability, a number in the [0..1] range, e.g. "0.25".
```

Author: Thanks for the clarification change!
